hi guys Jason here from cricket store
and my comp and pretty excited to be
talking about the new 2012 SS ton
gladiator this is the players series
obviously it's this is quite a few
international players now using the SS
gladiator and that's why it's called the
player series because the players that
are now in doors in this particular bat
so just to talk about a couple of
awesome features this is premium grade 1
english willow you can have a really
good look at the face you're going to be
looking at about according to SS 9 to 12
grains on the SS gladiator it's a pretty
good bet you're going to be getting a
towboat for the tow god it's going to be
coming in a bag you've got some pretty
decent sized edges right there obviously
got the time low goes to show that it's
english willow really nice contoured
edges a really good profile center sweet
spot so really good bet so let me just
knock the ball with it so you can hear
the ping you can see really good
response that's the SS time gladiator
also comes with a case comes with a
imported round 12 piece caves can handle
obviously got the rubber shock absorbers
got the snake skin grip on it and just
just an awesome bat so let me just see
here it also says on your supra grade-a
english willow and something that I
haven't seen on any of the other SS bets
which I just noticed now is that this
one is actually knocked in and ready to
play so if you want to SS bet that is
really ready to play look at the look at
the ESS time gladiator it's also got the
hologram sticker right over there so
that's that it's the SS hung gladiator
super bet look forward to having a knock
in the net for this baby and certainly a
great fat so head over to cricket store
online com you can be paying just under
400 bucks for this beauty but certainly
well well worth it so thanks for a
thanks a lot again for watching guys I
do appreciate it tell your friends about
it share on your Facebook page all that
sort of stuff and I will catch you guys
later which is away